# EE491-01

Our project has two parts: MCS_table_testcase and preprocessing case. For the first case, you need to generate the dataset by running that Matlab file. We have developed the code to generate PSK and QAM modulated signals according to the MCS table we mention in the paper. This MCS table is a standard table in the communication industry and all base stations must follow it. We use this dataset as a test case to evaluate which models would perform well for our desired task. During this stage, we encountered many issues like overfitting that we solved through continuous altering to the architecture of the model and adding regularization steps throughout the code. After identifying the potential models, we go to the real case scenario and test the performance of such models with and without preprocessing. To access the dataset please visit: https://www.deepsig.ai/datasets/ where you can find the RadioML2016 dataset. This dataset is generated through simulation and then transmitted over the air to replicate a real-life scenario. Thus, it makes a great dataset to test the proposed model. Also, please make sure to install all the required libraries like hmm and keras before running the code. The total training should not exceed three hours. However, in case you don't want to train the models again, I have uploaded the weights of the model for the first case. You can skip the training cell and just update the weights of the model after defining it. On the other hand, we were not able to save the model weights for the second case as it takes a significant time in training and we could only run it once during the allocated time.
